fluent-bundle/README.md, before:

# @fluent/bundle

`@fluent/bundle` is a JavaScript implementation of Project Fluent, a
localization framework designed to unleash the expressive power of the
natural language.


## Installation

`@fluent/bundle` can be used both on the client-side and the server-side. You
can install it from the npm registry or use it as a standalone script (as the
`FluentBundle` global).

    npm install @fluent/bundle


## How to use

The `FluentBundle` constructor provides the core functionality of formatting
translations from FTL files.

```javascript
import {FluentBundle, FluentResource} from "@fluent/bundle";

let resource = new FluentResource(`
-brand-name = Foo 3000
welcome = Welcome, {$name}, to {-brand-name}!
`);

let bundle = new FluentBundle("en-US");
let errors = bundle.addResource(resource);
if (errors.length) {
    // Syntax errors are per-message and don't break the whole resource
}

let welcome = bundle.getMessage("welcome");
if (welcome.value) {
    bundle.formatPattern(welcome.value, {name: "Anna"});
    // → "Welcome, Anna, to Foo 3000!"
}
```

The API reference is available at https://projectfluent.org/fluent.js/bundle.


## Compatibility

`fluent` requires the following `Intl` formatters:

  - `Intl.DateTimeFormat` (standard, well-supported)
  - `Intl.NumberFormat` (standard, well-supported)
  - `Intl.PluralRules` (standard, new in ECMAScript 2018)

`Intl.PluralRules` may already be available in some engines.  In most cases,
however, a polyfill will be required.  We recommend [intl-pluralrules][].

```javascript
import 'intl-pluralrules';
import {FluentBundle} from '@fluent/bundle';
```

For legacy browsers, the `compat` build has been transpiled using Babel's [env
preset][]. It requires the regenerator runtime provided by [babel-polyfill][].

```javascript
import {FluentBundle} from '@fluent/bundle/compat';
```


## Learn more

Find out more about Project Fluent at [projectfluent.org][], including
documentation of the Fluent file format ([FTL][]), links to other packages and
implementations, and information about how to get involved.


[intl-pluralrules]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/intl-pluralrules
[babel-polyfill]: https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/
[Stage 3 proposal]:https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-plural-rules
[env preset]: https://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/preset-env/
[projectfluent.org]: https://projectfluent.org
[FTL]: https://projectfluent.org/fluent/guide/

Commit message:

Remove Compatibility note from READMEs

fluent-bundle/README.md, after:

# @fluent/bundle

`@fluent/bundle` is a JavaScript implementation of Project Fluent, a
localization framework designed to unleash the expressive power of the
natural language.


## Installation

`@fluent/bundle` can be used both on the client-side and the server-side. You
can install it from the npm registry or use it as a standalone script (as the
`FluentBundle` global).

    npm install @fluent/bundle


## How to use

The `FluentBundle` constructor provides the core functionality of formatting
translations from FTL files.

```javascript
import {FluentBundle, FluentResource} from "@fluent/bundle";

let resource = new FluentResource(`
-brand-name = Foo 3000
welcome = Welcome, {$name}, to {-brand-name}!
`);

let bundle = new FluentBundle("en-US");
let errors = bundle.addResource(resource);
if (errors.length) {
    // Syntax errors are per-message and don't break the whole resource
}

let welcome = bundle.getMessage("welcome");
if (welcome.value) {
    bundle.formatPattern(welcome.value, {name: "Anna"});
    // → "Welcome, Anna, to Foo 3000!"
}
```

The API reference is available at https://projectfluent.org/fluent.js/bundle.


## Compatibility

`@fluent/bundle` requires the following `Intl` formatters:

  - `Intl.DateTimeFormat` (standard, well-supported)
  - `Intl.NumberFormat` (standard, well-supported)
  - `Intl.PluralRules` (standard, new in ECMAScript 2018)

`Intl.PluralRules` may already be available in some engines.  In most cases,
however, a polyfill will be required.  We recommend [intl-pluralrules][].

```javascript
import 'intl-pluralrules';
import {FluentBundle} from '@fluent/bundle';
```

See also the [Compatibility][] article on the `fluent.js` wiki.

[intl-pluralrules]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/intl-pluralrules
[Compatibility]: https://github.com/projectfluent/fluent.js/wiki/Compatibility


## Learn more

Find out more about Project Fluent at [projectfluent.org][], including
documentation of the Fluent file format ([FTL][]), links to other packages and
implementations, and information about how to get involved.

[projectfluent.org]: https://projectfluent.org
[FTL]: https://projectfluent.org/fluent/guide/
