tools/perf/README.md, before:

Perf testing
============

Measure the performance impact of changes that you make to the L20n codebase by 
running `./index.js` (or `make perf` from the root of the repository).

Execution time is reported in microseconds (μs).

The script measures the speed of parsing, compilation and getting all entities 
from a resource file based on Firefox OS's [Settings localization file][].  The 
file consists of ca. 500 entities, majority of which are simple key-value 
pairs.  This aims to immitate a real-life scenario in which only a handful of 
entities make use of L20n's advanced features.

[Settings localization file]: https://github.com/mozilla-b2g/gaia/blob/v1.0.1/apps/settings/locales/settings.en-US.properties

    Usage: index.js [options]
    
    Options:
    
      -h, --help                 output usage information
      -V, --version              output the version number
      -s, --sample <int>         Sample size [500]
      -p, --progress             Show progress
      -n, --no-color             Print without color
      -r, --raw                  Print raw JSON
      -c, --compare <reference>  Compare with a reference JSON
      -a, --alpha <float>        Significance level for the t-test [0.01]


Examples:

    ./index.js
    ./index.js --sample 1000 --progress
    ./index.js --raw > ~/reference.js
    ./index.js --compare ~/reference.js


Statistical significance
------------------------

You can save raw JSON output to a file to serve as a benchmark for future 
measurements.  Afer you make edits to the codebase, re-run `perf` with 
`--compare path/to/reference.json` to see relative changes of new means.

The differences are tested for statistical significance with a two-sample 
[t-test][] with a default significance level of 0.01.  If the difference is 
significant, it will be show in green (faster) or red (slower).

![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/74aE9LR.png)

[t-test]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Student%27s_t-test


High Resolution Timer (HRT)
---------------------------

All numbers are reported in microseconds (μs) via [process.hrtime][].  This 
allows to measure the time of a single operation.  

[process.hrtime]: http://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_process_hrtime

Commit message:

Bug 886830 - make perf can now test V8 (node) and SpiderMonkey (jsshell). r=gandalf

tools/perf/README.md, after:

Perf testing
============

Measure the performance impact of changes that you make to the L20n codebase.  
Also see `make perf`.

Execution time is reported in microseconds (μs).

The script measures the speed of parsing, compilation and getting all entities 
from a resource file based on Firefox OS's [Settings localization file][].  The 
file consists of ca. 500 entities, majority of which are simple key-value 
pairs.  This aims to immitate a real-life scenario in which only a handful of 
entities make use of L20n's advanced features.

[Settings localization file]: https://github.com/mozilla-b2g/gaia/blob/v1.0.1/apps/settings/locales/settings.en-US.properties

  Usage: run.js [options] command

  Options:

    -h, --help                 output usage information
    -V, --version              output the version number
    -s, --sample <int>         Sample size [150]
    -p, --progress             Show progress
    -n, --no-color             Print without color
    -r, --raw                  Print raw JSON
    -c, --compare <reference>  Compare with a reference JSON
    -a, --alpha <float>        Significance level for the t-test [0.01]

The `command` argument is the command that will be spawned via 
`child_process.exec`.  This allows to reliably measure the speed over a big 
sample of runs without triggering JIT compilation of the modern JavaScript 
engines.  The command is always executed with `tools/perf` being the current 
directory.  If not given, `command` defaults to `node benchmark.node.js`.


Examples:

    ./run.js
    ./run.js --sample 1000 --progress
    ./run.js --raw > ~/reference.js
    ./run.js --compare ~/reference.js
    ./run.js "~/src/jsshell/js benchmark.jsshell.js"


Statistical significance
------------------------

You can save raw JSON output to a file to serve as a benchmark for future 
measurements.  Afer you make edits to the codebase, re-run `perf` with 
`--compare path/to/reference.json` to see relative changes of new means.

The differences are tested for statistical significance with a two-sample 
[t-test][] with a default significance level of 0.01.  If the difference is 
significant, it will be show in green (faster) or red (slower).

![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/74aE9LR.png)

[t-test]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Student%27s_t-test


High Resolution Timer (HRT)
---------------------------

All numbers are reported in microseconds (μs) via node's 
[process.hrtime][] or SpiderMonkey shell's [dateNow][].  This allows to 
measure the time of a single operation.  

[process.hrtime]: http://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_process_hrtime
[dateNow]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/SpiderMonkey/Hacking_Tips#Benchmarking_with_sub-milliseconds_%28JS_shell%29
