docs/compat.md, before:

Compatibility
=============

L20n.js is a research project intended to be used in Firefox.  It is written in 
modern ECMAScript 2015 taking advantage of many of its features:

  - new syntax: arrow functions, spreads, destructuring, default parameter 
    values, object literal shorthands, template strings, `for…of` loops,

  - new methods: `String.prototype.startsWith`, `.endsWith`, `.includes`, 
    `Array.prototype.includes`,

  - new built-ins: promises, maps, weak maps, sets and weak sets,

  - generators and iterators.

It also makes use of the following DOM features:

  - MutationObservers,
  - HTMLTemplateElements (`<template>`).

L20n.js works well in recent versions of Firefox and Google Chrome.  It is also 
known to work in Microsoft Edge 13 and Safari TP.


Polyfills For Legacy Browsers
-----------------------------

For compatibility with legacy browsers transpilation and a set of polyfills is 
required.  This method can be used to enable support for IE 11, Safari 9.1 and 
iOS Safari 9.3.

You can find transpiled versions of l20n.js on the [v4.x][] branch of the 
repository in the [dist/compat][] directory.   It's provided for convenience 
and is not officially supported.

The transpiled versions require the following polyfills in order to work:

  - [Babel Polyfill][] which supports ES's new built-ins and ships with the 
    `regenerator` runtime,

  - [Shadow DOM Polyfill][] from the [webcomponents.org][] project which 
    provides support for the `<template>` element.

Optionally you may also want to use `Intl.js`:

  - [Intl.js][] which provides the locale data for correct number and date 
    formatting.

[v4.x]: https://github.com/l20n/l20n.js/tree/v4.x
[dist/compat]: https://github.com/l20n/l20n.js/tree/v4.x/dist/compat
[Babel Polyfill]: https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/
[Shadow DOM Polyfill]: http://webcomponents.org/polyfills/shadow-dom/
[webcomponents.org]: http://webcomponents.org/
[Intl.js]: https://github.com/andyearnshaw/Intl.js


Example
-------

Install the required polyfills and the latest v4.x milestone of l20n.js:

    $ npm install babel-polyfill
    $ npm install webcomponents.js
    $ npm install intl
    $ npm install git://github.com/l20n/l20n.js.git#v4.x

And include them in your HTML like so:

    <script defer src="./node_modules/babel-polyfill/browser.js"></script>
    <script defer src="./node_modules/webcomponents.js/ShadowDOM.js"></script>

    <!-- optional but recommended -->
    <script defer src="./node_modules/intl/dist/Intl.js"></script>
    <script defer src="./node_modules/intl/locale-data/jsonp/en.js"></script>
    <script defer src="./node_modules/intl/locale-data/jsonp/fr.js"></script>

    <script defer src="./node_modules/l20n/dist/compat/web/l20n.js"></script> 


Manual Transpilation
--------------------

If you want to use a transpiled version of the master branch you'll need to 
transpile it yourself.  First build l20n.js as usual:

    $ npm install
    $ make

Next, install Babel's ES2015 'loose' preset.

    $ npm install babel-cli babel-preset-es2015 babel-preset-es2015-loose

Finally transpile the files in `dist/bundle` into `dist/compat`:

    $ ./node_modules/.bin/babel --presets es2015-loose --out-dir dist/compat/web dist/bundle/web


Better compatibility
--------------------

If you'd like to help us document how to enable support for more browsers, 
please get in touch on IRC ([irc.mozilla.org/l20n][]).  Refer to the [browser 
usage table][] to make informed decisions :)

[irc.mozilla.org/l20n]: irc://irc.mozilla.org/l20n
[browser usage table]: http://caniuse.com/usage-table

Commit message:

Update docs/compat to use the standalone Template.js polyfill

docs/compat.md, after:

Compatibility
=============

L20n.js is a research project intended to be used in Firefox.  It is written in 
modern ECMAScript 2015 taking advantage of many of its features:

  - new syntax: arrow functions, spreads, destructuring, default parameter 
    values, object literal shorthands, template strings, `for…of` loops,

  - new methods: `String.prototype.startsWith`, `.endsWith`, `.includes`, 
    `Array.prototype.includes`,

  - new built-ins: promises, maps, weak maps, sets and weak sets,

  - generators and iterators.

It also makes use of the following DOM features:

  - MutationObservers,
  - HTMLTemplateElements (`<template>`).

L20n.js works well in recent versions of Firefox and Google Chrome.  It is also 
known to work in Microsoft Edge 13 and Safari TP.


Polyfills For Legacy Browsers
-----------------------------

For compatibility with legacy browsers transpilation and a set of polyfills is 
required.  This method can be used to enable support for IE 11, Safari 9.1 and 
iOS Safari 9.3.

You can find transpiled versions of l20n.js on the [v4.x][] branch of the 
repository in the [dist/compat][] directory.   It's provided for convenience 
and is not officially supported.

The transpiled versions require the following polyfills in order to work:

  - [Babel Polyfill][] which supports ES's new built-ins and ships with the 
    `regenerator` runtime,

  - the [HTMLTemplateElement polyfill][] which provides support for the 
    `<template>` element.  It's a patched version of the [webcomponents.org][] 
    project's polyfill; see thier pull request [#573][] for more information,

    Please don't use [webcomponents.org][]'s _Shadow DOM polyfill_ which also 
    provides the support for `<template>`.  It comes with a buggy 
    implementation of the `MutationObserver` polyfill which breaks L20n and 
    isn't even needed for IE 11 which supports `MutationObserver` natively.

Optionally you may also want to use `Intl.js`:

  - [Intl.js][] which provides the locale data for correct number and date 
    formatting.

[v4.x]: https://github.com/l20n/l20n.js/tree/v4.x
[dist/compat]: https://github.com/l20n/l20n.js/tree/v4.x/dist/compat
[Babel Polyfill]: https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/
[HTMLTemplateElement polyfill]: https://gist.github.com/stasm/5a24e576a82747ddeb1d0492efeb78aa
[webcomponents.org]: http://webcomponents.org/
[#573]: https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs/pull/573
[Intl.js]: https://github.com/andyearnshaw/Intl.js


Example
-------

Install the required polyfills and the latest v4.x milestone of l20n.js:

    $ npm install babel-polyfill
    $ npm install webcomponents.js
    $ npm install intl
    $ npm install l20n

And include them in your HTML like so:

    <script defer src="./node_modules/babel-polyfill/browser.js"></script>
    <script defer src="./path/to/Template.js"></script>

    <!-- optional but recommended -->
    <script defer src="./node_modules/intl/dist/Intl.js"></script>
    <script defer src="./node_modules/intl/locale-data/jsonp/en.js"></script>
    <script defer src="./node_modules/intl/locale-data/jsonp/fr.js"></script>

    <script defer src="./node_modules/l20n/dist/compat/web/l20n.js"></script> 


Manual Transpilation
--------------------

If you want to use a transpiled version of the master branch you'll need to 
transpile it yourself.  First build l20n.js as usual:

    $ npm install
    $ make

Next, install Babel's ES2015 'loose' preset.

    $ npm install babel-cli babel-preset-es2015 babel-preset-es2015-loose

Finally transpile the files in `dist/bundle` into `dist/compat`:

    $ ./node_modules/.bin/babel --presets es2015-loose --out-dir dist/compat/web dist/bundle/web


Better compatibility
--------------------

If you'd like to help us document how to enable support for more browsers, 
please get in touch on IRC ([irc.mozilla.org/l20n][]).  Refer to the [browser 
usage table][] to make informed decisions :)

[irc.mozilla.org/l20n]: irc://irc.mozilla.org/l20n
[browser usage table]: http://caniuse.com/usage-table
