<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

# Localization

The `Localization` class is responsible for fetching resources and 
formatting translations.

l20n.js for HTML will create an instance of `Localization` for the default 
set of `<link rel="localization">` elements.  You can get a reference to it 
via:

    const localization = document.l10n.get('main');

Different names can be specified via the `name` attribute on the `<link>` 
elements.

## constructor

**Parameters**

-   `requestBundles` **[function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** 
-   `createContext`  

Returns **[Localization](#localization)** 

## formatValues

A generalized version of `Localization.formatValue`.  Retrieve 
translations corresponding to the passed keys.  Keys can either be simple 
string identifiers or `[id, args]` arrays.

Returns a Promise resolving to an array of the translation strings.

```javascript
document.l10n.formatValues(
  ['hello', { who: 'Mary' }],
  ['hello', { who: 'John' }],
  'welcome'
).then(([helloMary, helloJohn, welcome]) =>
  console.log(helloMary, helloJohn, welcome)
);
// -> 'Hello, Mary!', 'Hello, John!', 'Welcome!'
```

**Parameters**

-   `keys` **...any** 

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)** 

## formatValue

Retrieve the translation corresponding to the `id` identifier.

If passed, `args` is a simple hash object with a list of variables that 
will be interpolated in the value of the translation.

Returns a Promise resolving to the translation string.

```javascript
localization.formatValue('hello', { who: 'world' }).then(
  hello => console.log(hello));
// -> 'Hello, world!'
```

Use this sparingly for one-off messages which don't need to be 
retranslated when the user changes their language preferences.

**Parameters**

-   `id`  
-   `args`  

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)** 

# LocalizationObserver

The `LocalizationObserver` class is responsible for localizing DOM trees.  
It also implements the iterable protocol which allows iterating over and 
retrieving available `Localization` objects.

Each `document` will have its corresponding `LocalizationObserver` instance 
created automatically on startup, as `document.l10n`.

## constructor

Returns **[LocalizationObserver](#localizationobserver)** 

## get

Retrieve a reference to the `Localization` object associated with the name 
`name`.  See [docs/localization] for `Localization`'s API reference.

```javascript
const mainLocalization = document.l10n.get('main');
const extraLocalization = document.l10n.get('extra');
```

**Parameters**

-   `name`  

Returns **[Localization](#localization)** 

## requestLanguages

Trigger the language negotation process with an array of `langCodes`.  
Returns a promise with the negotiated array of language objects as above.

```javascript
document.l10n.requestLanguages(['de-DE', 'de', 'en-US']);
```

**Parameters**

-   `requestedLangs`  

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)** 

## setAttributes

Set the `data-l10n-id` and `data-l10n-args` attributes on DOM elements.
L20n makes use of mutation observers to detect changes to `data-l10n-*`
attributes and translate elements asynchronously.  `setAttributes` is 
a convenience method which allows to translate DOM elements declaratively.

You should always prefer to use `data-l10n-id` on elements (statically in 
HTML or dynamically via `setAttributes`) over manually retrieving 
translations with `format`.  The use of attributes ensures that the 
elements can be retranslated when the user changes their language 
preferences.

```javascript
document.l10n.setAttributes(
  document.querySelector('#welcome'), 'hello', { who: 'world' }
);
```

This will set the following attributes on the `#welcome` element.  L20n's 
MutationObserver will pick up this change and will localize the element 
asynchronously.

```html
<p id='welcome'
  data-l10n-id='hello'
  data-l10n-args='{"who": "world"}'>
</p>
```

**Parameters**

-   `element`  
-   `id`  
-   `args`  

## getAttributes

Get the `data-l10n-*` attributes from DOM elements.

```javascript
document.l10n.getAttributes(
  document.querySelector('#welcome')
);
// -> { id: 'hello', args: { who: 'world' } }
```

**Parameters**

-   `element`  

Returns **{id: [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String), args: [Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)}** 

## translateFragment

Translate a DOM node or fragment asynchronously.

You can manually trigger translation (or re-translation) of a DOM fragment 
with `translateFragment`.  Use the `data-l10n-id` and `data-l10n-args` 
attributes to mark up the DOM with information about which translations to 
use.

**Parameters**

-   `frag`  

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)** 

# interactive

A Promise which resolves when the `Localization` instance has fetched 
and parsed all localization resources in the user's first preferred 
language (if available).

```javascript
localization.interactive.then(callback);
```
